time
quantity_sold_kg
item_name_7 colour pepper 
item_name_agaricus bisporus 
item_name_aihao
item_name_amaranth
item_name_amaranth 
item_name_apricot bao mushroom 
item_name_basil 
item_name_bell pepper 
item_name_big broccoli
item_name_black chicken fir bacteria 
item_name_black porcini
item_name_black porcini 
item_name_black rapeseed
item_name_broccoli
item_name_cabbage stem 
item_name_caidian quinoa artemisia
item_name_caidian quinoa artemisia 
item_name_caixin
item_name_caixin 
item_name_changxianqie
item_name_chinese cabbage
item_name_chinese cabbage 
item_name_chinese caterpillar fungus flowers
item_name_chopped red pine 
item_name_chuncai
item_name_dalong eggplant
item_name_dongmenkou xiaobaicai
item_name_eggplant 
item_name_embroidered aureus
item_name_embroidered aureus 
item_name_foreign garland chrysanthemum 
item_name_foreign garland chrysanthemum  
item_name_fresh black fungus 
item_name_fresh edible fungus 
item_name_fresh lotus root zone 
item_name_fresh rice dumplings leaves
item_name_fresh sea 
item_name_fruit chili
item_name_fruit pepper 
item_name_ganlanye
item_name_garden chrysanthemum
item_name_garden chrysanthemum 
item_name_ginger and xiaomijiao mix 
item_name_green and red hang pepper mix 
item_name_green butter
item_name_green caitai
item_name_green eggplant 
item_name_green hang pepper 
item_name_green hangjiao 
item_name_green hangzhou pepper 
item_name_green hot peppers
item_name_green hot peppers 
item_name_green line pepper
item_name_green line pepper 
item_name_haixian mushroom 
item_name_hericium 
item_name_hfyg haixian mushroom 
item_name_high melon 
item_name_honghu lotus 
item_name_honghu lotus root
item_name_honghu lotus root powder 
item_name_hongshan caitai
item_name_hongshujian
item_name_hongshujian 
item_name_hua eggplant
item_name_huangbaicai 
item_name_huanghuacai
item_name_huangxincai 
item_name_ice grass
item_name_ice grass 
item_name_jicai
item_name_jigu 
item_name_jigu mushroom 
item_name_juhua youcai
item_name_lameizi
item_name_local shanghaiqing
item_name_local xiaomao cabbage
item_name_longyacai
item_name_lotus 
item_name_lotus root tip
item_name_luosi pepper
item_name_luosi pepper 
item_name_machixian
item_name_malan head
item_name_miantiaocai
item_name_millet pepper
item_name_millet pepper 
item_name_mint
item_name_muercai
item_name_mushroom and leaf mix 
item_name_mustard
item_name_naibai caimiao
item_name_naibaicai
item_name_nanguajian
item_name_needle mushroom 
item_name_net lotus root 
item_name_niushou shengcai
item_name_niushou youcai
item_name_panax notoginseng
item_name_paopaojiao 
item_name_pepper mix
item_name_perilla
item_name_ping mushroom
item_name_powcan mountain chinese cabbage 
item_name_purple beicai
item_name_purple cabbage 
item_name_purple hot peppers
item_name_purple screw pepper
item_name_qinggengsanhua
item_name_radish leaves
item_name_red bell pepper 
item_name_red coral 
item_name_red hang pepper
item_name_red hang pepper 
item_name_red hot peppers
item_name_red hot peppers 
item_name_red line pepper
item_name_red lotus root zone
item_name_red oak leaf
item_name_red pepper 
item_name_round eggplant
item_name_round eggplant 
item_name_shanghai green 
item_name_shanghaiqing
item_name_shuanggou cabbage
item_name_sichuan red cedar
item_name_siguajian
item_name_sophora japonica
item_name_spinach
item_name_spinach 
item_name_suizhou bubble green
item_name_sweet chinese cabbage
item_name_tea tree mushroom 
item_name_the agaricus bisporus
item_name_the crab flavor mushroom 
item_name_the dandelion
item_name_the local yellow youcai
item_name_the pork stomach mushroom 
item_name_the red bell pepper 
item_name_the steak mushrooms
item_name_the steak mushrooms 
item_name_the white mushroom 
item_name_tremella 
item_name_wandoujian
item_name_water chestnut
item_name_water chestnut 
item_name_wawacai
item_name_white caitai
item_name_white jelly mushroom
item_name_wild lotus root 
item_name_wild pink lotus root
item_name_wuhu green pepper 
item_name_xiangtianhongcaitai 
item_name_xianzongye
item_name_xianzongye 
item_name_xiaoqingcai 
item_name_xiaozhoupi
item_name_xiaozhoupi 
item_name_xiuzhen mushroom
item_name_xixia black mushroom 
item_name_xixia mushroom 
item_name_xixia xianggu mushroom 
item_name_yellow baicai 
item_name_yellow xincai 
item_name_youcaitai
item_name_yuganjiao
item_name_yunnan leaf lettuce 
item_name_yunnan lettuce 
item_name_yunnan lettuces
item_name_yunnan shengcai
item_name_yuxingcao 
item_name_zhijiang qinggengsanhua
item_name_zhijiang red bolt
item_name_zhijiang red bolt 
item_name_zhimaxiancai
item_name_zhuyecai
item_name_zhuyecai 
category_name_aquatic
category_name_cabbage
category_name_capsicum
category_name_flower
category_name_mushroom
category_name_solanum
